Fix for static reference rewriting (#2429)
Adobe-Consulting-Services/acs-aem-commons: CHANGELOG.md

- #2386 - Make folder titles overwrite optional for asset ingestor
- #2432 - AemEnvironmentFilter: use chunked encoding (fixes #2425)
- #2416 - Fixing workflow package path calculation in WorkflowPackageManager service

> - Add possibility to use attribute names that contain a colon for the StaticReferenceRewriteTransformerFactory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ##2429 - Add ability to use attribute names that contain a colon for the StaticReferenceRewriteTransformerFactory
```
